Add commands for managing signups on multisite (#489)
wp-cli/entity-command: README.md

Activates a signup.

~~~
wp signup activate <signup>
~~~

**OPTIONS**

	<signup>
		Signup ID, user login, user email, or activation key.

**EXAMPLES**

    # Activate signup.
    $ wp signup activate 2
    Success: Signup 2 activated. Password: bZFSGsfzb9xs

### wp signup delete

Deletes a signup.

~~~
wp signup delete <signup>
~~~

**OPTIONS**

	<signup>
		Signup ID, user login, user email, or activation key.

**EXAMPLES**

    # Delete signup.
    $ wp signup delete 3
    Success: Signup 3 deleted.

### wp signup get

Gets details about a signup.

~~~
wp signup get <signup> [--field=<field>] [--fields=<fields>] [--format=<format>]
~~~

**OPTIONS**

	<signup>
		Signup ID, user login, user email, or activation key.

	[--field=<field>]
		Instead of returning the whole signup, returns the value of a single field.

	[--fields=<fields>]
		Limit the output to specific fields. Defaults to all fields.

	[--format=<format>]
		Render output in a particular format.
		---
		default: table
		options:
		  - table
		  - csv
		  - json
		  - yaml
		---

**EXAMPLES**

    # Get signup.
    $ wp signup get 1 --field=user_login
    bobuser

    # Get signup and export to JSON file.

>     $ wp signup get bobuser --format=json > bobuser.json

Reviewer: Nice, you aligned it to the `wp user get` example. 💪🏽

### wp signup

Manages signups on a multisite installation.

~~~
wp signup
~~~

**EXAMPLES**

    # List signups.
    $ wp signup list
    +-----------+------------+---------------------+---------------------+--------+------------------+
    | signup_id | user_login | user_email          | registered          | active | activation_key   |
    +-----------+------------+---------------------+---------------------+--------+------------------+
    | 1         | bobuser    | bobuser@example.com | 2024-03-13 05:46:53 | 1      | 7320b2f009266618 |
    | 2         | johndoe    | johndoe@example.com | 2024-03-13 06:24:44 | 0      | 9068d859186cd0b5 |
    +-----------+------------+---------------------+---------------------+--------+------------------+

    # Activate signup.
    $ wp signup activate 2
    Success: Signup activated. Password: bZFSGsfzb9xs

    # Delete signup.
    $ wp signup delete 3
    Success: Signup deleted.

### wp signup activate

Activates a signup.

~~~
wp signup activate <signup>
~~~

**OPTIONS**

	<signup>

> 		Signup ID, user login, user email or activation key.

Reviewer: Other commands use Oxford commas ([example](https://github.com/wp-cli/entity-command/blob/22d726dd3ce09a7a70ca1ac2c935e2f0450894a4/README.md?plain=1#L4956)).
```suggestion
		Signup ID, user login, user email, or activation key.
```

**EXAMPLES**

    # Activate signup.
    $ wp signup activate 2
    Success: Signup activated. Password: bZFSGsfzb9xs

### wp signup delete

Deletes a signup.

~~~
wp signup delete <signup>
~~~

**OPTIONS**

	<signup>

> 		Signup ID, user login, user email or activation key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Signup ID, user login, user email, or activation key.
```

**EXAMPLES**

    # Delete signup.
    $ wp signup delete 3
    Success: Signup deleted.

### wp signup get

> Gets details about the signup.

Reviewer: Other commands use "a" instead of "the" ([example](https://github.com/wp-cli/entity-command/blob/22d726dd3ce09a7a70ca1ac2c935e2f0450894a4/README.md?plain=1#L2411)).
```suggestion
Gets details about a signup.
```

~~~
wp signup get <signup> [--field=<field>] [--fields=<fields>] [--format=<format>]
~~~

**OPTIONS**

	<signup>

> 		Signup ID, user login, user email or activation key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Signup ID, user login, user email, or activation key.
```

	[--field=<field>]
		Instead of returning the whole signup, returns the value of a single field.

	[--fields=<fields>]

> 		Get a specific subset of the signup's fields.

Reviewer: Let's align to the wording of similar commands ([example](https://github.com/wp-cli/entity-command/blob/22d726dd3ce09a7a70ca1ac2c935e2f0450894a4/README.md?plain=1#L2426)).
```suggestion
		Limit the output to specific fields. Defaults to all fields.
```

	[--format=<format>]
		Render output in a particular format.
		---
		default: table
		options:
		  - table
		  - csv
		  - json
		  - yaml
		---

**EXAMPLES**

    # Get signup.
    $ wp signup get 1
    +-----------+------------+---------------------+---------------------+--------+------------------+
    | signup_id | user_login | user_email          | registered          | active | activation_key   |
    +-----------+------------+---------------------+---------------------+--------+------------------+
    | 1         | bobuser    | bobuser@example.com | 2024-03-13 05:46:53 | 1      | 663b5af63dd930fd |
    +-----------+------------+---------------------+---------------------+--------+------------------+

### wp signup list

Lists signups.

~~~
wp signup list [--field=<field>] [--<field>=<value>] [--fields=<fields>] [--format=<format>]
~~~

	[--field=<field>]
		Prints the value of a single field for each signup.

	[--<field>=<value>]

> 		Filter results by key=value pairs.

Reviewer: The de facto description appears to be "Filter the list by a specific field."; see [this search](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Awp-cli%2Fentity-command+%22%5B--%3Cfield%3E%3D%3Cvalue%3E%5D%22&type=code).
```suggestion
		Filter the list by a specific field.
```
Also, `[--<field>=<value>]` is usually first in the list.

	[--fields=<fields>]
		Limit the output to specific object fields.

	[--format=<format>]
		Render output in a particular format.
		---
		default: table
		options:
		  - table
		  - csv
		  - ids
		  - json

> 		  - yaml
> 		  - count

Reviewer: The order is usually different ([example](https://github.com/wp-cli/entity-command/blob/22d726dd3ce09a7a70ca1ac2c935e2f0450894a4/README.md?plain=1#L2477-L2478)).
```suggestion
		  - count
		  - yaml
```
